- dummy FIFO connections created using NAL_CONNECTION_create_dummy should be
  trivially selectable if anyone's daft enough to try. Ie. if you add a FIFO
  to a selector, the select() should break instantly if the FIFO is non-empty
  otherwise the FIFO should have no influence at all on the real select(2).
  Right now, NAL_SELECTOR_add_conn() silently ignores dummy connections
  completely.

- non-blocking connects and NAL_CONNECTION_is_established() have to be improved
  to correctly tell if (and *when*) a connect is successful or not. Right now,
  I *think* failed connects will essentially break the next select() and fail
  the subsequent NAL_CONNECTION_io() call. However, IIRC, successful connects
  won't be known until at least one byte of data has been successfully written
  or read from the stream. This works for distcache, but needs fixing for
  general use.

- snoop does not do any flush-handling when one side of the proxy disconnects,
  but immediately closes the other side and destroys the context. What should
  happen is that we should not close the other side until all data accepted
  from the closing side has been sent out the other side.

- dc_test should in theory avoid the case that a session it added could have
  been expired (we can't say definitively because of races). If it gets within
  a couple of seconds of expected session expiry, the session should be marked
  unusable by dc_test for further cache requests until at least a couple of
  seconds after the expiry where dc_test should then assume it was removed by
  the server so future ADDs succeed, DELETEs fail, etc.

- The remainder of README.API and README.TOOLS needs to find its way into man
  pages so that these can be deleted from CVS. Until then, these files will
  continue to live in CVS but won't be included in "make dist".

- "make dist" currently fails to copy lots of files that should arguably be
  copied when producing a source distribution. Eg. this BUGS file, READMEs
  besides the top-level one (which gets copied automatically), etc.

